J-PET Analysis Framework 

This README file describes the Repository of Usage Examples of the J-PET Analysis Framework.
For details of the Framework refer to the following file:

  j-pet-framework/README

What is it ?
------------

J-PET Analysis Framework is a flexible analysis framework which serves as a backbone system for the reconstruction algorithms and calibration procedures used during the data processing and standardize the common operations, e.g: input/output process, access to the detector geometry parameters and more.
It is written in C++ using the object-oriented approach. It is based on the ROOT libraries combined with some BOOST packages. The quality of the code is assured by the automatized set of unit tests. The documentation of the code is generated by Doxygen.

The J-PET Framework Examples Repository is a set of programs built on top of the J-PET Analysis Framework C++ library. These programs are meant to demonstrate the usage of this library as well as to be starting point for new analysis programs created by users.

The J-PET Framework library is a separate git repository available at:

  koza.if.uj.edu.pl/srv/git/j-pet-framework.git

It is a sumodule of this (examples) repository. If you follow the instruction below, the sources of the The J-PET Framework library will be automatically downloaded and placed in a firectory named 'j-pet-framework'.

The Latest Version
------------------

The latest stable versions of both the examples and library can be downloaded from git repositories. You must have a git client istalled and have rights to access these repositories. If it is the case you can just do:
 
  git clone --recursive ssh://yourUser@koza.if.uj.edu.pl/srv/git/j-pet-framework-examples.git myFramework
  cd myFramework 

If you have already a directory with the code and you want to update it, just write:

  git pull && git submodule update

If you dont have the access to the repository server, please contact:wojciech.krzemien@if.uj.edu.pl


Installation
------------

Please see the file called INSTALL.

Authors
-------

J-Pet analysis framework is being developed by Wojciech Krzemien, Karol Stola, Damian Trybek, Aleksander Gajos, Andrzej Gruntowski, Szymon Niedźwiecki, Oleksandr Rundel and Tomasz Kisielewski.

Bug Reporting & Contact
-----------------------

If you have any question or comment please write to: 
wojciech.krzemien@if.uj.edu.pl
or better post it to the Redmine list.

